										Assignment 2.2

1. The robot move only in 4 directions.

2. The robot can jump and it jumps in the direction where it is facing.

3. The animations of the hands and legs are clearly visible.

4. The bot rotates it's neck smoothly.

5. Five camera views are implemented.

	a. Static View :- The whole world is visible at once.
	b. First Person :- The world is seen from the perspective of the robot.
	c. Tile View :- The world is seen from a tile and the camera can rotate.(controlled by the keys j,l   i,k  o,p)
	d. Third Person :- The world is seen from the third person perspective.
	e. Helicoptor view :- The world is seen from a flying camera.(controlled by the keys a,d   w,s  q,e  z,x  c,v)

6. A spot light that follows the person has been implemented.

7. Textures have been added to the tiles and also a floating environment has been provided.

8. Seven types of tiles have been implemented.

	a. Static - Remain Static (white color).
	b. Falling - Falls when a person lands on the tile (red color).
	
	c. Three types of moving tiles have been implemented
	
	- Moving in x direction - keeps on moving east and west periodically (green color).
	- Moving in y direction - keeps on moving up and down periodically (green color).
	- Moving in z direction - keeps on moving north and south periodically (green color).

	
	d. Trampoline - makes the robot jump higher (yellow color).
	e. Teleport - makes the robot teleport from one location to another (pink color). 
	f. Some tiles have stones on them and the bot has to jump from these tiles.
	g. Some tiles are missing and the bot has to jump over these tiles to save himself.
	
9. Two enemy robot are present which make the game hard and challenging, which keep on following the robot. Good AI has been given to the enemy robots to make them follow the player robot.

10. One power has been added which freezes the enemy robots for 10 seconds and power is regenerated at some other location.

11. Cheat code has been added which removes the coins from the game.

12. Three different stages with increasing difficulty level and different spatial arrangement and texture has been designed.

13. Sun and moon has been added according to the time of the day.

14. You can pause the game and have a complete view of the map.


